There
have been some improvements. It's interesting.
Sam Snead said the most improvement that you have
is in the golf ball. He would take a wood wood and a
new ball, and he'd take a metal wood and a new ball,
and he'd hit them pretty much the same distance.
and demonstrate it isn't the club as much as it is
the ball. But there have been some definite
improvements on it. I think your clubs come out
more the same. There is much more of a demand and a
stress on having very high quality as far as not
being deviating a lot. And that's helped a lot in
consistency. But the
main thing actually is just
The amount of them, the amount of schools for these
young people to go to, golf schools, I mean,
they're off in the summertime or holidays, and the
instruction at these schools, and the
instruction level with PGA professionals has
just really improved. You can become a better
player with the help of these people who really
learn it. And I think that's
where
you've seen really the biggest improvement. The
equipment to some degree, but the instruction,
the opportunity to compete, that makes the best
player. If you have to compete one against one,
you're going to improve a lot.
I really, when I think about this, and this is going
to go counter where a lot of people think, but the
first ones that I had in the middle 70s, some of
these kids with cancer were just really, really
tough. In the 70s, a lot of kids with cancer, they
were tough to deal with. And they lied to you a lot.
They were hard to deal with. And as I went along,
they got a little better in the 80s. And I'm not
saying always. I don't want to color Danny and some
of these kids up. Some of them are just real good. He
has about since 1990. I don't know what it is, but
the kids have changed, and they're better. And I
think they've been getting better. I always tell
people who come up to me and say, boy, Coach, you've
got great kids. It's because they've got great
parents. And I think parents are doing a better job
with their kids. I think the kids now are better
than what they were.
Well, it's definitely
improved. I remember we used to go to Guadalajara.
In fact, we won it. There was a golf course. It was
really a big time thing in 1980. All the major
schools were there. I remember we were paired
against Oklahoma State, Bob Clay, and these
people would beat us. He was a great player. We beat
them. They shot 878. And individually,
I believe it was 218 won the tournament.
That was 1980. In 1986, we went there. 840, we shot
going forward. 201 won individually. And you say,
well, it had to have been, you know, different.
Now, we play a Guadalajara-type club. The weather
is always the same. Now, Rafael Arcon, he changed
the team placement somewhat, but they still kept
it much. Some of those things might have been at the
end, but the golf course is still the same. The
conditions are still the same. Largely, the
player had improved that much in that period of
time. And you can see it now. I mean, the scores,
when I played Dallas Athletics, Thank you.
Is there any other team that golf
or any other sports group that golfers know?
And
you know he did it. What was the punishment?
Did
you go over in those six or five sessions, did you do
that?